okay so first things first i'm not  deleting the channel i'm i'm not gonna  die i'm not uh  nothing bad happened to be completely  honest i've just been having some uh  uh mental health issues  i used to be heavily addicted to video  games  and the minimum amount that i would  clock in daily was at least 12 hours and  this was as early as at the age of 12.  i've been struggling with anxiety and  and stuff like that and uh  and i  have been on medication and i think for  most young guys and most young men  video games is probably the one obstacle  that is hardest to overcome and the one  obstacle that is hindering  your kind of  self-improvement success overall it is  something that takes a lot of time out  of your day whether you want to realize  this or not and so therefore i want to  tell you to well quit video games but i  know because i've been through this  experience myself i this year was when i  started anxiety medication  and uh really really really really been  helping like oh my gosh  so much helping like it's it's really  really really incredible how much that's  been doing for me and helping me  beginning of the year approximately  started having insomnia like just  not sleeping i i thought  it must be the anxiety and all that  stuff i thought that must be most of it  just  just not sleeping well just the brain  just won't let go and just fall into a  deep sleep just like waking up all night  sometimes feeling like i don't even  sleep and um this went on for a really  long time  if you want to lead a good and happy  life  playing video games is the one thing  that'll put you the furthest away from  that  and here's why  so  two years ago i suffered from a pretty  severe or not a severe but a severe  enough concussion that would put me out  of school for about a month or two  and during this time i didn't have much  to do  being like the dumbest teenager i was  so i would spend my days just playing  video games  and like  when you hear playing video games you  think about  maybe he was playing uh good games like  call of duty or world of warcraft or  assassin's creed or something that'll uh  that that's kind of made on a big budget  but no i was playing a game called  crunker which is basically a combination  of minecraft and cs go and it was  something i just did during the time but  i got quite good at it and it was quite  addicting and as i said i used just my  entire day [ __ ] grinding this game i  got quite good at it but  when i hopped off  i would often  i remember this one night in specific i  hopped off at like 12 am  or p.m oh it's am i am  and i was ready to go to bed and i  brushed my  teeth did all that [ __ ]  and then when i got to bed i just  [ __ ]  busted out crying like  i was [ __ ] hysterical and i didn't  know why the time but looking back it  was certainly because  when you're grinding at a video game for  like  your entire day as i did  live outside video games just [ __ ]  suck because you're putting all your  effort into these virtual achievements  that don't mean anything when you go  outside of that world you'll just be  left with  what you've done which is nothing i  thought that when i took meds and and  got my anxiety in check  that would help and i  it also didn't help as much  as i thought it would i did a sleep  study and it turns out i have central  sleep apnea  uh obstructive sleep apnea is the one  most people know about where just you  know you snore and there's stuff  blocking your airways and stuff  central sleep apnea means that your  brain is not sending the right signals  to your body  to breathe so it turns out i don't  breathe a lot while i'm sleeping now i  want to bust a common myth that is oh  well at the end of the day i like to  unwind playing video games like for an  hour a half an hour which is [ __ ]  [ __ ] first of all when you're  playing video games you're activating  your brain again you're you're starting  to like uh  i'm not gonna cite the [ __ ] research  but your brain [ __ ] lights up it just  hinders your sleep because think about  it the last time you invited with video  games you before bed you probably stayed  on your phone for like half an hour or  an hour before actually going to bed  which is a pretty clear sign that you  you're not  winding you're just  hindering being able to sleep again it's  been about a year  since i've  felt like i slept well and like i i mean  it like  i i don't i just i don't  i don't feel rested i've not felt rested  in like a year i this year was when i  started anxiety medication  and uh really really really  really been helping like oh my gosh  so much helping when this kind of thing  goes on a long time like sleep  deprivation it it's  it is literally impacting my cognitive  functioning for the last six years or so  i've been severely depressed and the way  that i dealt with that was showing  myself in my room for about 23 hours a  day as early as at the age of 12. but  going back to around the age of mia 12  to 13 i had an extreme obsession with  game overwatch and i would  originally i played with a lot of my  real life friends but when they lost  interest i kept playing i used to pull  all-nighters at like  grade school but i think that people are  like i said in a much worse situation  than i was back then because i was able  to quit quite early compared to what  most guys do like my  brain's ability to be okay and function  at all like you know i'm i'm making  videos and stuff you know i i can play  games i can make videos it's a lot  harder um but it's like the it's like  the day-to-day stuff you know i  forget things uh you know like you ever  open the fridge or go into a room and  you forget why you were there i it's  like that but all the time one of the  real life friends who i'm still friends  with now who i played overwatch with  asked me to start playing overwatch with  him again just to kind of kill some time  during the pandemic because nobody could  go out and as you all know it was quite  a boring time  so we started playing we started  grinding competitive as he used to and  when he when summer came around and he  started quitting the game i couldn't put  down my [ __ ] console and quit the  game i just kept grinding and grinding  all along and this was a result of my  bad habits implemented at an early age  which  also like caused me a lot of sleep  before that but  now it was was much worse than what it  used to be because  now i was all [ __ ] alone there was no  like social benefit or social pressure  to keep playing i was just doing it  because i was feeling the [ __ ] empty  hole that i i had gained at a very early  age i forget  people's names  and words and i  it's really hard and it's made it so  hard  to just function your actions right now  is what defines you in the future so  what i mean by that is in five minutes  you'll be another person based on the  actions you take you could either stay  on your couch or you could do five  bishops  like it's that simple and it's the same  with a day from now an hour from now a  week from now passions that you take  here and now in the present moment is  what will define you in the future  i feel like i am  functioning at such  a minuscule capacity that i never feel  like i'm  ahead or rested or anything and it's  really really really difficult i just  don't have energy for everything i need  and so and that's why recently i just  haven't been doing arlo cast and i  haven't been doing roundups because i  just i just couldn't  i just can't manage it you know when you  play video games you'll think to  yourself oh [ __ ] i have an assignment i  should be doing that but i gotta play  some more so you'll just take out like  that general and happiness out of your  whole week which is you don't think  about it right now but it's pretty  significant and that's kind of the main  point i want to drill into that your  actions right now will affect you  for the future and for the rest of your  life over the last year or so i've been  having a lot of really big revelations  about just like my  own uh mental  just you know  it's stuff you know i've realized i have  add or adhd or whatever you want to call  it pretty like inattentive and uh you  know i've learned a lot more about my  ocd and all that stuff and i'm just i'm  i'm learning more about how my brain  works which is really good it's a really  really really amazing thing i might even  do an entire video on just like the  mental health video  anything anything but playing video  games is better than playing video games  if that makes sense so going outside  staring at the f i gotta say stop saying  literally because i can't pronounce it  staring at the [ __ ] wall is better  than playing video games because when  you're staring at the wall you start  thinking of things to do other than  video games and that is progress towards  quitting video games right i spent so  much of my life beating myself up for  these faults without realizing that my  brain is wired in a different way that  makes it difficult inattentive adhd  makes my brain  scream at me just scream at me to not do  certain things like if something causes  me even just a little tiny bit of  anxiety or stress my brain tells me to  ignore it just ignore it completely and  it's like  even something small even something so  so small so insignificant a problem that  would be fixed in literal minutes you  know like literally  minutes i could fix this and i wouldn't  have that anxiety at all um but my brain  tells me no my brain tells me to just  look away and don't don't ever think  about it and don't ever do it when  you're kind of confident by the instant  gratification of video games there's  it's kind of like drugs  so  you can't really quit the comfort of  playing video games because that's what  gives you comfort and like a fulfillment  but going through this rough period of  time is necessary to be able to quit it  right like you're being a [ __ ] [ __ ]  just sitting in a chair all day and i'm  being insensitive but this is truly my  belief like sitting inside all day is  being a [ __ ] little [ __ ]  uh  and  oh [ __ ]  i'm disgusted  unsubbed unfollowed goodbye  [Music]